# Project-436
135 MW solar Power plant in Karnataka M/s Asian Fab Tec Limited.
Scale of the project activity Large Scale Project

Completion date of the PCN 08/05/2024

Project participants M/s Asian Feb Tec Limited.

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and standardized baselines ACM0002 : Grid-connected electricity
generation from renewable sources

Sectoral scopes 01 Energy industries (Renewable/Non -
Renewable Sources)

An ex ante estimate is 2,11,361 CoUs
(2,11,361) tCO2eq)

_______________
SECTION A. Description of project activity
A.1. Purpose and general description of Carbon offset Unit (CoU) project activity >>
The project activity titled ,135 MW Solar Power Plants in Karnataka M/s Asian Fab Tec Limited.
The project is spread across villages in Kyasamballi & Kogilahalli , Kyasamballi & Kogilahalli,
Someshwara, Kavalahalli, Saluparahalli, Bhatthalahalli Budagatti Tehsil KGF, Bangarpete,
Gudibande , , Doddaballapura, Haveri, , Savanuru ,Chintamani of District Kolar , Chikkaballapura
, Doddaballapura ,Arasikere Chintamani, Haveri in the state of Karnataka, India.

The details of the registered project are as follows:

Plant Capacity(MW)/ Location/ Commissioning Date
_____________
20/ Kajimittahalli, Kyasamballi & Kogilahalli Village, KGF Taluk, Kolar District/ 24/10/2019
______________
20/ Kajimittahalli, Kyasamballi & Kogilahalli Village, Bangarpete Taluk, Kolar District/ 24/10/2019
____________________
20/ Someshwara Village, Gudibande Taluk, Chikkaballapura District/31/10/2019
______________
20 /Kavalahalli Village, Doddaballapura Taluk,Bengaluru Rural District/28/10/2019
______________________
10/ Saluparahalli Village, Arasikere Taluk,Hassan District/ 18/10/2019
__________________
5/Bhatthalahalli Village, Chintamani Taluk,Chikkaballapura District/02/10/2019
______________________
20/ Budagatti Village, Haveri Taluk, Haveri District/17/11/2020
______________________
20/ Gundoor Village, Savanuru Taluk, Haveri District/ 17/11/2020
__________________________
The power produced by the 20MW, 20MW, 20MW, 20MW,10MW,5MW, 20MW 20MW is evacuated
at Kyasamballi(66/11KV),Somenahalli(66/11KV), Tubagere(66/11KV), Belugumba (110/11 KV),
Iragampally (66/11KV )Substation 66/11 KV Located at Karnataka.

__________________
Purpose of the project activity:
The project activity displaces an equivalent amount of electricity which would have otherwise been
generated by fossil fuel dominant electricity grid. The estimated lifetime of the project activity is
considered as 25 years for solar technology. In the Pre- project scenario the entire electricity,
consumed by the customers or delivered to the grid by, would have otherwise been generated by the
operation of grid-connected power plants and by the addition of new generation sources.
The generation of power from solar photovoltaics is a clean technology as there is no fossil fuelfired or no GHG gases are emitted during the process. A photovoltaic module consists of several
photovoltaic cells connected by circuits and sealed in an environmentally protective laminate,
which forms the fundamental building blocks of the complete PV generating unit. Several PV
panels mounted on a frame are termed PV Array. Thus, project activity leads to a reduction the
GHG emissions as it displaces power from fossil fuel-based electricity generation in the regional
grid. 

Also, the annual average estimated emission reductions from project activity are 2,11,361
tCO2e/annum with the average plant load factor of 20.80%.. This annual average net electricity
generation and annual average GHG emission reductions are with application of degradation factor
of 0.70% from second year.
_______________________
